Swandle is a server handler. You can save connections, create saved commands and use them like a funtion on connection.
You can even connect from a previous connection using the jcon command. It is program which can be used to create macros 
for different third party programs other than the one which are default.

To start, run swandle.bat

You will have to download plnk and winscp and put them in script folder.
This program is an open source program which uses third party products WinSCP and plink.
This program also needs Visual C++ Redistributable. (Normally included in windows new versions.)


I will list the commands and write their overview and then some sample examples.

You just need to put the command and then press enter.

create
  It is used to create permanent connection and jcon files.
  It will prompt you to put input. Type connection or jcon as per requirement. 
(Please be carefull while typing. Spelling mistake can make many problems and they are difficult to trace.)

connection
  You can directly use connection as a command, but it will not create a permanent connection.
  You can put 'define' at any place of connection when you want to define it everytime.
(No command or input contain apostropee.)
  Note that you cannot use define in jcon files.

cspect
  Cspect is used to create saved commands file for connections. You will need jcon to connect them.
  When it asks you to input 'Send', it means the command you want to send.
  If you put 'delay' in the 'Send' input, you can set delays.
  When you want to end the file, just put endfile in send input.
  You can put 'expcm' in send input to add a command.(The command here means a custum command which
                                                        is not sent to the remote computer.)

jcon
  Jcon is used to connect many cspect files and connections. The name comes from join connections and commands.
  It will first ask you a connection. Then it will ask you file type.
  You can create any number of file types as you want. Just put a folder with the name of file type.
  (Do not use plurals)
  The type connection is an integral part of the program.
  These file type are basically a segreagated form of different cspect files.
  You can even join a jcon file with a jcon file.

jrun
  Jrun is used to start a jcon file. It also defines the delay in the commands and inputs.

In any part, Delay input means the amount of delay between commands.
The delay works on the basis of time period required to ping localhost (i.e. yourself)
So, while putting delays, think about connection speed and the time period requied to ping yourself
only once. Default delay is 2. You can put the field empty if delay as 2 suits you.

compile
  Compile command compiles a directly made cspect file.

NOTE: Don't use file names such as tmp, jtmp, null, put capital letter. Don't use inputs like these. Also, you cannot use
      the symbol '>' or '<'. You will have to manually edit them. Do not use commands with capital letters.

	These things are just precompiled things. Using cspect and jcon, you can use any third party program.(Should be
command type or you will have to make it work. After all, it works on keyboard buffer.) You can use the following
command to start other programs

start "" /B directory/program.exe parameters

You can even use preset variables like %dire% which is a path variable. While using cspect, you can even input preset
variables. Using expcm command, you can set variables. Just put them before starting a program. To make program put variables
just put %variable_name% in send input.

You can set variable by
set variable_name=variable_value
You can make it as you a value by just putting /P flag after set. In place of variable_value, you can put the text you
want to see when youput the input.

You can create a whole new protocol by amking suitable changes in connect and jconnect.




